feat(SFINT-5109): Added PlatformToken example to cookbook (#45)
coveooss/sf-case-assist-cookbook: README.md

```
npm install
```

> - Follow the steps to setup your developement environment, for example in the [Quick Start: Lightning Web Components](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/projects/quick-start-lightning-web-components/) Trailhead project. You will:

Author: It's not you must though. But I can change the rest of the sentence sure.
The sentence says follow this tutorial and it will run you through these steps, not you must do these steps.

[Install the Coveo Quantic Library as a Salesforce unlocked package](https://docs.coveo.com/en/quantic/latest/usage/#install-quantic).

### 3. Deploying the project

> #### 3a. Deploy the Project Using the Org Development Model

Author: Salesforce's doc always capitalizes the first letter for titles of sections.

sfdx force:source:deploy
```

#### 3b. Deploy the project in a Scratch Org

Use the command `SFDX: Push Source to Org` in VS Code or type the following SFDX command in your CLI:

```
sfdx force:source:push
```

> #### 3c. Installing the App Using an Unlocked Package

Author: Ok for Installing -> Install

### 4. Enable the Case Flow in Your Community

1. In your Salesforce community, drag the Lightning Flow component in a Community page and select the `Case_Assist_Recommended_Flow` or the `Case_Assist_Demo_Flow` shipped with this repository.
2. After selecting the name of the flow, two inputs labeled `caseAssistId` and `engineId` appear.

>    1. Fill the `caseAssistId` input with your [Case Assist Id](https://docs.coveo.com/en/3328/#retrieving-a-case-assist-id) retrieved from your Case Assist Configuration

Author: 👍

>    1. Fill the `engineId` input with your [Engine Id](https://docs.coveo.com/en/quantic/latest/reference/case-assist-components/case-assist-case-assist-interface/#properties) which is the name you want to give to the engine the Quantic components will register to.

Author: 👍

>    1. Leave the `caseData` blank.

Author: 👍

> 3. After linking your installed Coveo For Salesforce package with a Coveo organization, make sure to go change the content of the Apex class "CaseAssistController". By default it will try to query a Sample organization. You should replace this method with the commented method just below it to generate a Platform Token and query your selected Coveo Organization.

Reviewer: I don't think we mentioning anywhere that the C4SF package needs to be installed, I think this should be clearly stated in the setup steps.
Also I think we need to add the C4SF package as a dependency of the `Salesforce Quantic Case Assist Cookbook` package  in the `sfdx-project.json` file like we we currently doing with the Quantic package.

Author: Good idea, I would make it a different jira though

Author: Jira created

> 3. After linking your installed Coveo For Salesforce package with a Coveo organization, make sure to go change the content of the Apex class "CaseAssistController". By default it will try to query a Sample organization. You should replace this method with the commented method just below it to generate a Platform Token and query your selected Coveo Organization.

Author: 👍

> 4. In the published version of your community, users can now fill in the subject and description fields in the first screen and they can proceed to the next screens to see the proposed predictions for classifying their case and get documents suggestions that will potentially resolve their case before it is created.

Author: Why are Subject and Description capitalized?

> 4. In the published version of your community, users can now fill in the subject and description fields in the first screen and they can proceed to the next screens to see the proposed predictions for classifying their case and get documents suggestions that will potentially resolve their case before it is created.

Author: Other changes applied.

### Dev, Build and Test

1. Run `npm i`
1. Run `npm run test`
1. Now you can deploy with `sfdx force:source:deploy...`

## Warning

> This was originally designed to be used with an API key, that would only grant you access to Coveo results that were "public".

Author: The repository.

> You can also use this with a Platform Token to use the identity of the current user to get access to content that is not necessarily just "public". Keep in mind however, that this breaks the Quickview functionality on Document Suggestions and it's not support using a Platform Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use this with a Platform Token to use the identity of the current user to get access to content that is not necessarily just "public". Keep in mind however, that this breaks the Quickview functionality on Document Suggestions as it's not supported using a Platform Token.
```

> You can also use this with a Platform Token to use the identity of the current user to get access to content that is not necessarily just "public". Keep in mind however, that this breaks the Quickview functionality on Document Suggestions as it's not supported using a Platform Token.

Author: 👍
